Adding page for advance agent configuration with k8s (#802)
elastic/ingest-docs: docs/en/ingest-management/elastic-agent/advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet.asciidoc

[[advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet]]
= Advanced {agent} configuration managed by {fleet}

For basic {agent} managed by {fleet} scenarios follow the steps on <<running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet>> page.

> On managed {agent} installations could be useful to provide the ability to configure more advanced options like the configuration of providers during the startup. Refer to <<providers>> for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On managed {agent} installations it can be useful to provide the ability to configure more advanced options, such as the configuration of providers during startup. Refer to <<providers>> for more details.
```

Following steps demonstrate above scenario:

[discrete]
== Step 1: Download the {agent} manifest

include::run-container-common/download-elastic-agent.asciidoc[]

[discrete]
== Step 2: Create a new configmap

[source,yaml]
.Create a new configmap
------------------------------------------------
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: agent-node-datastreams
  namespace: kube-system
  labels:
    k8s-app: elastic-agent
data:
  agent.yml: |-
    providers.kubernetes_leaderelection.enabled: false
    fleet.enabled: true
    fleet.access_token: "<FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN>"
---
------------------------------------------------

Notes:: 

> 1. In the above example the disablement of `kubernetes_leaderelection` provider is demonstrated. Same procedure can be followed for alternative scenarios. For eg. in order to configure the `kubernetes` provider metadata enrichment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The above example demonstrates how to disable the `kubernetes_leaderelection` provider. For alternative scenarios you can follow the same procedure. For example, the following settings configure the `kubernetes` provider metadata enrichment:
```

  [source,yaml]

>   .Example of configmap for kubernetes provider configuration

Reviewer 2: This part does not seem to appear correctly:
![image](https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/assets/113898685/407a5c0b-99ea-4d2d-aca3-0dfc25b8897d)

Reviewer 2: Maybe because of the extra space in the beginning of the sentence.

Reviewer: Oops! I didn't notice that. Removing the two extra spaces at the beginning of each line in the code example should fix things.

Author: I had done this deliberately because it was a second examled and wanted to continue numbering of notes. NW can be reverted

  ------------------------------------------------
  apiVersion: v1
  kind: ConfigMap
  metadata:
    name: agent-node-datastreams
    namespace: kube-system
    labels:
      k8s-app: elastic-agent
  data:
    agent.yml: |-
      providers.kubernetes: 
        add_resource_metadata: 
          deployment: true
          cronjob: true
      fleet.enabled: true
      fleet.access_token: "<FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN>"
  ---
  ------------------------------------------------

> 2. Find more information for https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html[Enrollment Tokens].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Find more information about https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html[Enrollment Tokens].
```

> 2. Find more information about https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html[Enrollment Tokens].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notes:: 
1. Find more information about https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html[Enrollment Tokens].
```

After I remove the spaces from the code example I got another error. This will fix that other error.

[discrete]
== Step 3: Configure Daemonset

> Inside the downloaded manifest, update Daemonset resource part:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inside the downloaded manifest, update the Daemonset resource:
```

[source,yaml]
.Update entrypoint 
------------------------------------------------
containers:
  - name: elastic-agent
    image: docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent: <Image Version>     #< Change this with the image version of agent
    args: ["-c", "/etc/elastic-agent/agent.yml", "-e"]
------------------------------------------------

[source,yaml]
.Add extra Volume Mount 
------------------------------------------------
volumeMounts:
  - name: datastreams
    mountPath: /etc/elastic-agent/agent.yml
    readOnly: true
    subPath: agent.yml
------------------------------------------------

[source,yaml]
.Add new Volume 
------------------------------------------------
volumes:
  - name: datastreams
    configMap:
      defaultMode: 0640
      name: agent-node-datastreams
------------------------------------------------

[discrete]
== Important Note

> By default the manifests for {agent} managed by {fleet} have `hostNetwork:true`. In order to support multiple installations of {agent}s in the same node you should set `hostNetwork:false`. See relevant https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/tree/main/docs/manifests/hostnetwork[example] as described in https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/blob/main/docs/elastic-agent-ksm-sharding.md[{agent} Manifests in order to support Kube-State-Metrics Sharding]  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the manifests for {agent} managed by {fleet} have `hostNetwork:true`. In order to support multiple installations of {agent}s in the same node you should set `hostNetwork:false`. See this relevant https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/tree/main/docs/manifests/hostnetwork[example] as described in https://github.com/elastic/elastic-agent/blob/main/docs/elastic-agent-ksm-sharding.md[{agent} Manifests in order to support Kube-State-Metrics Sharding].
```

---
------------------------------------------------

Notes:: 
1. The above example demonstrates how to disable the `kubernetes_leaderelection` provider. For alternative scenarios you can follow the same procedure. For example, the following settings configure the `kubernetes` provider metadata enrichment:

[source,yaml]
.Example of configmap for kubernetes provider configuration
------------------------------------------------
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: agent-node-datastreams
  namespace: kube-system
  labels:
    k8s-app: elastic-agent
data:
  agent.yml: |-
    providers.kubernetes: 
      add_resource_metadata: 
        deployment: true
        cronjob: true
    fleet.enabled: true
    fleet.access_token: "<FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN>"
---
------------------------------------------------

Notes:: 
2. Find more information about https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html[Enrollment Tokens].

[discrete]
== Step 3: Configure Daemonset

Inside the downloaded manifest, update the Daemonset resource:

[source,yaml]
.Update entrypoint 
------------------------------------------------
containers:
  - name: elastic-agent

>     image: docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent: <Image Version>     #< Change this with the image version of agent

Reviewer 3: should we maybe rather refer to the copied manifest from the Add agent on K8s instead of the raw manifest? To avoid such comments about changing version?
I am about this page:
<img width="908" alt="Screenshot 2024-01-12 at 15 01 42" src="https://github.com/elastic/ingest-docs/assets/28299531/3c05e59c-d1cf-4da5-a560-471a7715daad">

Author: I lked your idea @tetianakravchenko , I updated step 1 with the manifest to read it from UI and here just added a comment 

Let me know if ok

    args: ["-c", "/etc/elastic-agent/agent.yml", "-e"]
------------------------------------------------

[source,yaml]
.Add extra Volume Mount 
------------------------------------------------

> volumeMounts:

Reviewer 3: is it planned to add it as comments in the template manifest?

Author: No plans to add it in template manifest

[[advanced-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet]]
= Advanced {agent} configuration managed by {fleet}

For basic {agent} managed by {fleet} scenarios follow the steps on <<running-on-kubernetes-managed-by-fleet>> page.

On managed {agent} installations could be useful to provide the ability to configure more advanced options like the configuration of providers during the startup. Refer to <<providers>> for more details.

Following steps demonstrate above scenario:

[discrete]
== Step 1: Download the {agent} manifest

It is advisable to follow the steps of <<install-fleet-managed-elastic-agent>> with Kubernetes Integration installed in your policy and download the {agent} manifest from Kibana UI

> image::images/k8kibanaUI.png[{agent} with K8s Package manifest]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
image::images/k8skibanaUI.png[{agent} with K8s Package manifest]
```
Testing locally the docs build failed because it couldn't find this image. This should fix that.

[discrete]
== Step 2: Create a new configmap

[source,yaml]
. Create a new configmap
------------------------------------------------
apiVersion: v1
kind: ConfigMap
metadata:
  name: agent-node-datastreams
  namespace: kube-system
  labels:
    k8s-app: elastic-agent
data:
  agent.yml: |-
    providers.kubernetes_leaderelection.enabled: false
    fleet.enabled: true
    fleet.access_token: "<FLEET_ENROLLMENT_TOKEN>"
---
------------------------------------------------

Notes:: 
1. In the above example the disablement of `kubernetes_leaderelection` provider is demonstrated. Same procedure can be followed for alternative scenarios.
2. Find more information for https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/fleet/current/fleet-enrollment-tokens.html[Enrollment Tokens].

[discrete]
== Step 3: Configure Daemonset

Inside the downloaded manifest, update Daemonset resource part:

[source,yaml]
.Update entrypoint 
------------------------------------------------
containers:
  - name: elastic-agent
    image: docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent: <ImageVersion>     
    args: ["-c", "/etc/elastic-agent/agent.yml", "-e"]
------------------------------------------------

Notes:: 

> The <ImageVersion> is just a placeholder for the elastic-agent image version that will you will download in your manifest: eg. `image: docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent: 8.11.0`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The <ImageVersion> is just a placeholder for the elastic-agent image version that you will download in your manifest: eg. `image: docker.elastic.co/beats/elastic-agent: 8.11.0`
```
